# moto-moto
Uncle McDonald programming task

On the topic of my motivation, it's tough to say what motivates me to program - while at highschool I was coding for fun while trying to bring life to my projects. Going to CompSci studies killed all the fun in the programming for me with 1xx slide presentations, only raw theory without much of any deliberate practice; after that was using programming only while in need of optimization of something (eg. simple data processing in Excel). Now this passion is kind of starting to rekindle in me again and I'm looking for ways to level up my game and make programming my way of making a living.

Don't know how big of a mistake it is but I didn't create my program in OOP standard. Didn't think this kind of problem needs an object-oriented approach. In simple, almost simpleton terms - in this problem we don't really deal with any objects that can be divided by classes. Possible expansion of the project (eg. creating databases of different farms with different shapes?) would require using OOP but in this form I thought using OOP would be unnecessary and possibly much harder to write in line with even basic clean code standards.

This also may be a big mistake but I didn't include any of my projects (mainly programming some data structures, algorithms; some embedded programming - eg. steering (gamepad) system to a wireless car, basic TCP connection system) to my github. I've never posted them anywhere, just kept them on my computer. I think that dumping them all at once now would look really suspicious (as if this is not my original work, just someone's, posted to fill and make my profile more appealing to recruiters) so I'm not doing it.
